---
title: Vaccinations
date: '2020-07-31'
category: News
topic: Safety
readTime: 3
excerpt: Dear LAS UNISON members, LAS UNISON have been informed by the LAS management that issues were raised with some vaccinations given to staff during December 2019 and February 2020.
tags:
  - branch
  - health & safety
  - las
  - unison
wpCategories:
  - Branch News
  - Health & Safety
image: /images/2020/07/needle-745x420-1.jpg
wpId: 5122
legacyUrl: https://lasunison.co.uk/5122-2
---

Dear LAS UNISON members,

LAS UNISON have been informed by the LAS management that issues were raised with some vaccinations given to staff during December 2019 and February 2020.

This includes potential issues with a break in the cold chain storage amongst other concerns.

This week a letter has been sent by the LAS to the staff potentially affected, titled, “Out of hours immunisation”.

Today LAS UNISON formally wrote to LAS Senior Management asking for a copy of the full report from the investigation undertaken which, up until today, has not been forthcoming.

LAS UNISON Senior sector reps were this week given updates on where we were up to presently.

If you are one of our members that received a letter or think you received immunisations during the period mentioned above but not received a letter, please don’t hesitate to contact one of our Elected Senior representatives for further advice.

- **North East** - Julie Cunnane 07961 832766
- **East Central** - Brian Robinson 07717806401
- **Central & South East** - Marcus Davis 07830 160293
- **South West & South East** - Steve Johnson 07717 807269
- **West** - Paul Chiddington 07584152207
- **North West** - Pete Hannell 07775994073
- **EOC** - Sam Billoo 07958 395801

Affected members should have by now received their letter from the LAS about the concerns over vaccination.

We recommend that our members attend the follow up appointment offered by LAS. We hope that this will help to alleviate any remaining concerns which members may have but if there are problems with that appointment, members should contact their UNISON Senior Sector representative.

If you are one of the affected members, please note that there is no automatic right to compensation and LAS assure us that the risks of infection caused by these difficulties are low.

However, if you believe you have been injured, for instance by having contracted a condition which you would not have contracted if the vaccination had been carried out correctly, please seek legal advice straight away by contacting UNISON on 0800 0 857 857 or 0808 252 2783.

You should do this without delay but be aware that you have three years in which to issue court proceedings for a personal injury claim. If you have contracted a condition, you should err on the side of caution and work on the basis that the three years start to run from the date you contracted the condition.

This (Above) has come from Thompsons.
